[10:52 AM, 10/28/2025] ᯓ★: Just to specify, so you can run this IEC generator on multiple things, right? Meaning when you run a new scan, you can determine what you want it to scan. So if you don't, you will see a lot of templates here. When I was originally playing, I created everything. Then I said, okay, no, no, give me just the security stuff, or give me just for RDS. Similarly, you can see, right, EVAL, ASG is specifically ASG's auto-scanning groups for EVAL. Similarly, this is PROT, so I'm assuming that's why Salman, you must have only looked at PROT. But the point being, we have a lot of templates that you can just generate. Like you can have CloudFormation just generate the template to you. And where specifically we need both of your help is if you have the BASE template. When…
[10:52 AM, 10/28/2025] ᯓ★: But, honestly, it's probably going to be easier if you try to curate, like, a single worker and a single service and, like, their components instead of trying to work on all of them at once. Just once you get, like, a single worker working, the rest of the workers should be pretty much the same. The only difference is, like, naming and which launch config they use. So, something like this, right? So, what Salman is talking about is, the ASG themselves will open, obviously, autoscaling groups are for all the instances out there, blah, blah, blah. So, instead of just starting at some and then trying to get it completely set up, what we mean is, pick some worker. I don't care. It could be the first one on the list. Pick whatever the hell you like, right? But where we are seeing is, for example, this is the SolverTestWorker guy. What is his name? I think that's an address. I think I saw it above a little bit. Where, where, where? Oh, yeah. Okay, yeah. So, this autoscaling group is for this dude, right? And you can know worker or service based on the launch config name. I mean, there are other things also that you can know. But I'm just, like, the easiest way, right? Because our launch configurations are all either named worker or service. And this is where, because we can pull the launch configuration details as well, right? Is this defined here in this one? No. Well, actually, the launch configuration might be defined in here. I'm not sure. No, I guess not. Nope. Okay. So, wait, wait. Okay. Can you check the prod one, just in case? Because I think that's why I re-graded the prod one. Or we can just, if prod doesn't have it, we can just re-create it. That's fine. I mean, you know. Just to make it easier for... So, just check that, like, first launch configuration. What the hell? Oh, okay. Well, okay. Where is this guy? Let's try this guy. Yeah, try that one. It doesn't matter. Yeah, we just need to knock. Okay. I guess not. Okay. Okay. So, we... No, it is. Oh, this is the launch configuration. But it does have, it has, like, the user data encrypted. So, does that... I don't even know what... No, no, this is the launch configuration. This is not the ASG. This is your launch configuration. No, that is... It's going to be the security launch configuration. And then later on, it's going to use it, I guess. Okay, let's see. Where is this getting referred, then? This should be referred on one of the services. Yeah, okay. Yeah, it's getting used on the transaction service. Okay. So, okay. Then, maybe this is the one that you all should be seeing, John and Joseph. Yeah, I would start with this one. But even, like I said, even starting with this one, this one just has all of the Autoscaling groups in it. So, it may be better to just re-curate a template with a single worker service. Yeah, I mean, just copy one from here and try to, you know, let's... Yeah, we'll do that. Yep. So, essentially, the thing is, and John, Joseph, by all means, you know, it's a little bit confusing in the beginning. But once you actually start understanding, you know, what you're trying to do. So, this is what I was saying. The old templates obviously have whatever. We know that CloudFormation can refer to things. So, even if in the old state, let's say, our original CloudFormation stacks were having things hard-coded, there's really no need to do it right now for the new ones. So, we are trying to really keep a good, streamlined set of CloudFormation stacks that refer to each other and blah, blah, blah. So, this is an example of the generator just creating stuff based on what's already out there. But it makes our lives easier because it generates the existing templates, and now we just need to move this to commercial. So, what you have to do is don't look at the launch config, for example. Like, pick one worker, right? Let's pick whatever one worker that you want from this one, right? You would want your CloudFormation template to include curating the launch config? Yeah. No, no. I'm just saying, like, which one to refer to. So, pick one, right? So, for example, your launch config is getting used by multiple ASGs, right? Because remember, our launch configurations are, like, at least the way we have it now. Ideally, we should move it to templates. We will do that. But this is just showing you the current state of things, right? So, our launch configurations are based on the instance type. So, this dude is T3 medium. You might have T3 extra-large, M5 extra-large, blah, blah, blah. Different instance types, right? These may be used by multiple ASGs. So, to make lives easier for yourselves, what you should do, and we will create one for DIG as well. I'll let you know. I think, you know, one of you do eval, one worker. One of you do DIG, one worker. Let's get back, and then you just repeat that process for others, right? So, where I was going with that is, this is probably not a good example, but pick some auto-scaling group for AMHC. What is this guy? Okay. Broad Service Evaluation, right? So, this is an auto-scaling group. If you take this guy, and, you know, in CloudFormation, this is all YAML. So, you will see all this stuff actually already tagged or tabbed properly, right? You know, spacing and all that. So, if you see this, this gives you the entire auto-scaling group. If you take this, change the stuff to basically 0.2 commercial, right, and this is going to be a constant sort of reaching out to us for, at least in the first time, right, because there are different things. For example, even the service role that it's linking to, we don't want to create it manually. So, there, I'm hoping this dude has this service role somewhere here, which really depends. Da-da-da-da-da. Will it be there? Let's see. Yeah. So, somewhere you will see this service role also getting specified. Essentially, you start with one auto-scaling group. Try to look at all the tabs, put in the equivalent commercial values, and wherever you see linkages where it's either referring to target groups or some service role or like we were seeing the launch configuration, see where in the template it's defined and copy that over to a new file as well. And if you do that for one worker, I think that will give you a good idea of, okay, what is required to get one auto-scaling group completely created, and then the remaining become easier, right? So, right up, what we can do is this is eval. We can generate one for DEJ. And what we can do is, John, you can look at eval. Giselle, you can look at DEJ. That way what we can have is one auto-scaling group for a worker, including, you know, whatever it requires, right? So, one complete set. If it requires a launch configuration, that should be part of it too. If it's referring to any service role, target groups. Target groups may already be defined elsewhere. I'm not sure, but we can get to that. If it's not defined here, that's fine. We can work on that. But let's get one worker each sort of like stood up. When I say stood up, I don't mean like deployed or anything, right? Like let's have one worker each in the template, and then suddenly I can obviously work with you. And once we have that ready, you repeat that process for the others. So, that's the thing. I know there are a lot of questions. So, you know, obviously, feel free to ask, including even now. But that's kind of what we need. Now, in the new templates, we have. Okay. While we were just waiting, I just curated that new one that you see, prod dig ASG, and that has a single prod worker and a single prod service in it. So, that should be easier to work with. Okay. Yeah. So, take a look. So, Giselle, pick the worker. Let's stick to workers for now. How about that? So, you pick the worker from this. This template has both of them in there, but, yeah, you can just update the worker. I mean, just to get that one thing ready, right? Yeah. That way there is no. So, Giselle, you do the prod worker. John, you pick one eval worker. Or do we want to do Giselle work on the worker, and then John try to work on the service, and they can both work on that same? Yeah, okay. Okay. Even that works. Honestly, I couldn't care less. I just need one template so that, you know, we can have them repeat the process. I think that would get us more progress.
[10:52 AM, 10/28/2025] ᯓ★: I mean, right now we're just giving it to you. But what the ISE generator does, right, it's essentially giving you the current state of any resource, which means what it is generating is telling you the current state of that auto-scaling group. Now, whether that auto-scaling group and its launch configuration, whatever, were created manually by someone, by cloud formation, by somebody running completely something else, like Terraform or whatever, it doesn't matter. It's not looking at the stack and saying, hey, this is what your code does. It is looking at the current state of your resource that already exists, and it's giving you the code for that, saying, hey, this is what your resource looks like as of now. Right? So it already has all the things that we need, and that is why we use this, because we don't want to depend on our existing cloud formation templates, because there could have been stuff that someone might have gone and added manually to fix something. Or we have stuff split between cloud formation templates, and obviously we have our Ansible playbooks, right, which is what we do for the deployment zone, that we update the code versions and all. It has the auto-scaling groups in there with the launch configurations. So one caveat to that that I don't like about this generator is, so you know how we're curating this for the fraud auto-scaling group, like for the workers? It generates everything for the worker that's not already curated through a cloud formation template. Right. So there's going to be one or two things that are missing in here that we're going to have to add in, which you'll realize as you're doing it, but like, for example, I don't think a queue that a worker uses is going to be in here, because we already, as you know, John, we already curate the queues in cloud formation. So when you're using this generator, it kind of ignores anything that's already been curated through cloud formation. So two things I can think of is, for workers, the queues are probably going to be missing, and then scaling policies are going to be missing, because those are already being done through cloud formation. But since they're already being done through cloud formation, we'll just have to kind of like move them into this template when we're ready. Right. So yeah, and that's a good point, right? So what this generator does, right, it only generates stuff that is not already being created. Otherwise, now, having said that, and obviously you both haven't played with it, but when you generate it, and you provide specific resources, it actually brings up a list of stuff so that you can actually check or uncheck things. And even in there, it does show you. Like it will show you some stuff grayed out, which you cannot select, which, like Salman was saying, because it's already part of some templates, it doesn't want to regenerate that. But the good thing is, it actually shows you those grayed out, so you know for a fact that it's not including XYZ. So I use that, I know Salman used that, when we were broadly creating like the broader, like overall templates for a bunch of things. He knew that, okay, it's not going to include certain things, so we have to sort of like mix and match and those sort of things. For all that work, and it is a lot of tedious work, for all of that, like Salman, myself, and what you both can help with, right, all of this work right now is tedious, but it's super important for us to make our lives extreme, like much easier going forward, because with all these different things, right, we are going to have to like, we'll miss something or whatever, but if we create our templates, making sure that we have all the stuff included from their current state, whether it's through some different template or whatever, we make sure that we have covered everything, it will make our lives easier, because then we can spin up things and destroy them and copy the same stuff into CAD, like it just makes our lives a lot easier.
[10:52 AM, 10/28/2025] +91 88510 02876: woah whats that
[10:53 AM, 10/28/2025] ᯓ★: All that stuff is actually correct, like the VPC IDs, subnets, anything you pull from here in these templates is actually correct. We are just updating it like four times, like eval, google, opt, and whatever, and then just applies everywhere else rather than for each. Anyways, we can talk about that, but for now, like for Giselle and Jean, like this is to give you an idea, like to Salman's point, right? All this stuff, well, this one still has go. I think we need to change that. What the hell? That's the KMS key. I don't even think I've created a new KMS key on the new account. Okay, I think we should. Yeah. I thought I added something for KMS. Okay, it's been some time. But okay, anyways, let's not confuse things. Stuff that is there, and if you're not sur…
[10:53 AM, 10/28/2025] ᯓ★: It’s the recoding of when he was explaining the task to me
[10:53 AM, 10/28/2025] ᯓ★: It’s going to help us understand better
[10:54 AM, 10/28/2025] +91 88510 02876: ok
[10:54 AM, 10/28/2025] ᯓ★: ...into a REXCOVE cloud, that PROD, PAGE, ASG guy, that Salman created, you can just basically copy that. And like I said, John is working on surveys, Gilles is working on the worker, so take that piece, put it in your own file, right? And you can just create your own, like, sort of, make sure when you create these files, right, just to avoid messing up an existing stuff or whatever, just name your file. So when I'm playing around with something, I name my files as, like, Pratik something, or, you know, whatever, right? Like, ASG's hyphen Pratik or whatever. That way, even if it's out there, people know that this is Pratik stuff and, you know, whatever. So that way, you know, it doesn't mess up anything else. So I would suggest creating that, making that sort of, like, work, and then we can maybe, you know, copy it into the common thing. But yeah, just the first things first, take that, start looking at how to, you know, if you want, use CoPilot and say, hey, explain what this does, if you need to, right? But bottom line is, once you change it to a point where it is now good for commercial, we can basically repeat that process, right, across all the other workers. And that's how we build, right? So you build one by one. So once you do that, you can start rolling with the other services, for example, John, you can start rolling with the other workers' footage. And at some point, you know, and when I say at some point, I don't mean to say this is something, you know, there is definitely a lot of pressure on timing for this. But for first, you know, whatever, let's just start getting through it. But there's so much work to be done on the new account. And plus handling the day to day that, you know, we can get this generated, that sort of like helps some of the work and really get through things. But yeah, by all means, ask questions. But focus on this and get, you know, really attack this. And ask, like, don't wait to ask questions, I would suggest, right, like just ask questions. And probably it might be a good thing to just create a group for this one, where all four of us are on there, and actually include Ismail as well, because he'll be back on Monday. Let me create that. I'll create that. That way, you know, just ask the questions. And that should make things easier. You know, actually, you can just use this ASG setup thing where Salman posted the URL, right, for a way to see the ISE generative. Let's use this one. Who's on this? Yeah, I posted the URL, because that thing's kind of hard to find if you don't know where to look. Yep, yep. No, that's a good point. I'm just going to add. Okay. So we can just use this chat. So now we already have this ASG setup app named to. So let's, yeah, just ask questions. Let's get through one. And then, yeah, I would suggest just use JSON, because that's what we have the other stuff in that way. You know, there's no confusion around, you know, what this looks like and that look like. And if you have never worked with cloud formation before, like I said, use Copilot to help you understand what each of them mean. And you can do that very quickly, right, just but get a sense of like what it's trying to do, right. Another thing, don't really need you to just copy paste blindly like, hey, this is this, I'm going to do this. Like, please use your common sense. If you have questions about what it's doing, in spite of asking Copilot, like the reason I keep mentioning Copilot is it's an incredibly powerful tool, use it, right. But also use your common sense and try to get a sense of why stuff is the way it is. I don't expect you to become like, cloud formation experts. Don't have time for that. Honestly, we really need you to get through these. But where we are going with it is definitely ask Salman and I, but also use Copilot, right, because if we are in a meeting, you might have to wait an hour, if you ask Copilot, it will give it to you in seconds. So use Copilot, use, you know, use your common sense to understand what it is doing. Because sometimes what happens is, you know, you look at a suggestion, or you look at whatever, and if you're just copying it blindly, you don't know what the hell it's doing. But if you start understanding the basic structure of things, you yourself will sort of say like, okay, this doesn't really make sense. So let me make sure, you know, definitely ask, and I would, like I said, just please be vocal. There is a time sensitivity to this. So I'm not saying you should have it tomorrow. And obviously, we'll work in close conjunction, right. But, like, ask questions immediately. Do not wait until you are, or Salman, you want them to start with eval then, not batch? Yeah, I actually want them to start with the eval one, because, well, actually, that makes sense. Because when your server is ready, I want to try to build it into our existing message stack. And I don't have a message stack for that. No, no, that's true. That's true. Okay. So yeah, please use the single eval guy. But same thing, right? Is that you pick the worker, or you pick the service. And yeah, actually, I was about, you know, I was thinking along that for a month. But yeah, doing eval makes sense, because we have the other files that are based on eval. So, you know, you can see stuff. But yeah, let's start with that. Ask questions, fingers here on this chat immediately if you have stuff. And please let's use this chat. No questions are wrong questions or dumb questions. Because I know sometimes, you know, there's some hesitation, like, maybe, you know, this, maybe this is very basic. I don't care if it's basic, right? No, I would rather answer a basic question than not answer it, you know? That's great. Now, you know that, right? But, like, there's that fine line between asking, meaning like, if you see an error, I saw an error. Like, I get that. But have you tried to see what that error means? Right? So stuff like that, right? Just just ask, compile it, just look at stuff, try to understand. But by all means, ask all the questions. If you want to understand where some value is, or what file you're supposed to look at, ask that. But ask that frequently and often. Like, don't wait is the only thing. Like, don't wait until the end of the day. Then, okay, I'll ask all my team questions at the end of the day. No, like, as and when you have questions, ping it on this team chat and use this chat, right? Like, that's the other thing. Like, sometimes, I'm sorry to tell you this. But this is our team, right? This is us. So just feel free to ask. I really don't care if it's, you know, whatever. So please feel free to ask. Ask as soon as you get the questions. And let's roll with this, right? And then, you know, next week, we'll be at full strength in the sense that you'll have three people to answer your questions rather than just two. So yeah, just just start looking at that. Get a sense of what the worker and the service ASG is for now. Right? Like, just start looking at that and understand what each element means and, you know, and then that, because understanding will definitely help you do it a little bit, you know, with a little bit more common sense. And obviously, like, as you said, CR instance is auto scaling. Yeah, I mean, the very first thing is, perhaps that template that I pointed out, and then make sure you understand that template before you even start making changes. Because like, one worker and one service, they require multiple resources in that template that it's creating. So just like, make sure you understand which different resources you need to update for your worker or service, and then go from there. Yeah, first, you need to look at that template and understand what all it's creating and whatnot. And yeah, just on one's point, like, it creates launch config, then later on, it uses the launch config and so on. And then for services, I'm pretty sure it's going to do the same thing where it's gonna curate a service, it probably needs to create like listener rules and stuff like that. So I think all of that's included in there. But again, that's stuff that we need y'all to look at, make sure it is or not. Yep. And just on one point, right. And, you know, if you're, if you've worked with AWS or any of the other cloud providers before this project as well, you will see, right, obviously, things are interlinked. It takes so many different types of resources to even get something up and running, right? Like something in Azure.

